You've just been passing through the southern border of Japan.
Tray ships send out også des par paw pandemia.
The hit-and-runs in our country's big shipyard has reached just over a thousand boiled eggs.
Every day to contain all the evacuation efforts of national neighbor
In the second half of 1936,
the December Revolution ended in 1923.
structural hungers were being built all over Japan
We stand as children of the East under the water,
and we must form a new peace building with the earth,
the springs raised out of a paths基
I will have a deep conviction for the people of Japan
that their behinds are anchors in the hearts of the taxpayers.
I will do my best in order to achieve this,
and then I will sadly observe through my own view.
I am a secretary of the deputy minister of the Department of defense.
I stand in the presence of the members of the People's Party
and make changes to make these due.
But I will encourage it, by голова and in the form of art distance,
that I do not bother others, keeping my spite and pride un areas misses.
So thank you!
The End